edgeenterprise/includes/edgeenterprise-content-updates.md, before:

<!-- This file is generated automatically each week. Changes made to this file will be overwritten.-->



## Week of January 03, 2022


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 1/3/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/4/2022 | [Per-site configuration by policy](/DeployEdge/per-site-configuration-by-policy) | modified |
| 1/4/2022 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-webview-policies) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release schedule](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-release-schedule) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Archived release notes for Microsoft Edge Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-archive-stable-channel) | modified |


## Week of December 20, 2021


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 12/22/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |


## Week of December 13, 2021


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 12/13/2021 | [IE mode troubleshooting and FAQ](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-faq) | modified |
| 12/13/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 12/13/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Configure Microsoft Edge for macOS using a property list.](/DeployEdge/configure-microsoft-edge-on-mac) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-webview-policies) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Cloud Site List Management for Internet Explorer (IE) mode"](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-cloud-site-list-mgmt) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Learn how Microsoft Edge handles mixed content downloads](/DeployEdge/edge-learnmore-mixed-content-downloads) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Local site list for Internet Explorer (IE) mode](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-local-site-list) | modified |


## Week of December 06, 2021


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 12/8/2021 | [Cloud Site List Management for Internet Explorer (IE) mode"](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-cloud-site-list-mgmt) | modified |
| 12/8/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 12/8/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/8/2021 | [Plan your deployment of Microsoft Edge](/DeployEdge/deploy-edge-plan-deployment) | modified |
| 12/9/2021 | [IE mode troubleshooting and FAQ](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-faq) | modified |
| 12/10/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 12/10/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/10/2021 | [Microsoft Edge channel overview](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-channels) | modified |
| 12/10/2021 | [Learn how to configure initial preferences on Microsoft Edge.](/DeployEdge/initial-preferences-support-on-microsoft-edge-browser) | modified |

Commit message:

Uploaded file: edgeenterprise-content-updates.md - 2022-01-15 23:31:27.7586

edgeenterprise/includes/edgeenterprise-content-updates.md, after:

<!-- This file is generated automatically each week. Changes made to this file will be overwritten.-->



## Week of January 10, 2022


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 1/11/2022 | [Regular Expression 2 syntax](/DeployEdge/edge-learnmore-regex) | modified |
| 1/11/2022 | [Frequently asked questions (FAQ) about Microsoft Edge in the enterprise](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-frequently-asked-questions) | added |
| 1/12/2022 | [Detailed guide to the ExtensionSettings policy](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-manage-extensions-ref-guide) | modified |
| 1/12/2022 | [Identify and interrupt downloads of potentially dangerous files](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-security-downloads-interruptions) | modified |
| 1/12/2022 | Microsoft Edge and Microsoft Search | removed |
| 1/13/2022 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 1/13/2022 | [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-webview-policies) | modified |
| 1/13/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |


## Week of January 03, 2022


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 1/3/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/4/2022 | [Per-site configuration by policy](/DeployEdge/per-site-configuration-by-policy) | modified |
| 1/4/2022 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 1/5/2022 | [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-webview-policies) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 1/6/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Microsoft Edge release schedule](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-release-schedule) | modified |
| 1/7/2022 | [Archived release notes for Microsoft Edge Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-archive-stable-channel) | modified |


## Week of December 20, 2021


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 12/22/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |


## Week of December 13, 2021


| Published On |Topic title | Change |
|------|------------|--------|
| 12/13/2021 | [IE mode troubleshooting and FAQ](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-faq) | modified |
| 12/13/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Beta Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-beta-channel) | modified |
| 12/13/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 12/14/2021 | [Configure Microsoft Edge for macOS using a property list.](/DeployEdge/configure-microsoft-edge-on-mac) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Microsoft Edge Browser Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-policies) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Policy Documentation](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-webview-policies) | modified |
| 12/15/2021 | [Cloud Site List Management for Internet Explorer (IE) mode"](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-cloud-site-list-mgmt) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Learn how Microsoft Edge handles mixed content downloads](/DeployEdge/edge-learnmore-mixed-content-downloads) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Microsoft Edge release notes for Stable Channel](/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-relnote-stable-channel) | modified |
| 12/17/2021 | [Local site list for Internet Explorer (IE) mode](/DeployEdge/edge-ie-mode-local-site-list) | modified |
