edgeenterprise/deploy-edge-with-windows-10-updates.md, before:

---
title: "Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates"
ms.author: ryhecht
author: RyanHechtMSFT
manager: tinad
ms.date: 06/29/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates"
---

# Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates

The article provides information for users who are deploying Microsoft Edge by using Windows 10 updates.

## For Windows 10 release 20H2

Windows 10 version 20H2 already has Microsoft Edge installed as its default browser.

## For Windows 10 releases RS4 through 20H1

Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) has updates for each version of Windows 10 from RS4 through 20H1 that will remove the Microsoft Edge Legacy desktop app and replace it with Microsoft Edge. For more information, see [this support article](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/update-in-wsus-for-the-new-microsoft-edge-for-windows-10-version-1809-1903-1909-and-2004-october-29-2020-b4980418-4ec4-dee7-3b17-1c6499bd127c) to find out which WSUS update is right for your Windows version.

## For Windows 10 releases prior to RS4 (and Windows 7, 8.1, and earlier)

Windows updates to install Microsoft Edge aren't available for these versions. Consider other options for deploying Microsoft Edge to these devices such as [Configuration Manager](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/deploy-edge?bc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2fbreadcrumb%2ftoc.json&toc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2ftoc.json) or [Intune](/intune/apps/apps-windows-edge/?bc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2fbreadcrumb%2ftoc.json&toc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2ftoc.json).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Plan your deployment of Microsoft Edge](deploy-edge-plan-deployment.md)

Commit message:

Adding PowerShell script to force Edge to update during OOBE/setup
As discussed with Lee Hunt & Andy Zeigler on the Edge team - providing PowerShell command to force Edge update prior to user logon, for use in scenarios such as Autopilot.

edgeenterprise/deploy-edge-with-windows-10-updates.md, after:

---
title: "Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates"
ms.author: ryhecht
author: RyanHechtMSFT
manager: tinad
ms.date: 06/29/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates"
---

# Deploy Microsoft Edge with Windows 10 updates

The article provides information for users who are deploying Microsoft Edge by using Windows 10 updates.

## For Windows 10 release 20H2

Windows 10 20H2 and later include Microsoft Edge pre-installed as the default browser. However, version 84 of Edge which shipped with Windows 10 20H2, and version 92 of Edge which shipped with Windows 10 21H2, are now outdated. While Microsoft Edge will automatically update itself to a newer version after a user has logged on, since the timing of the update is dependant upon various factors, this can be somewhat unpredicatable. For organisations that desire greater control and want to ensure that Edge (Stable channel) is updated to the latest version prior to user logon, the following PowerShell command can be used to force an Edge update during Windows OOBE.

`Start-Process -FilePath "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft\EdgeUpdate\MicrosoftEdgeUpdate.exe" -argumentlist "/silent /install appguid={56EB18F8-B008-4CBD-B6D2-8C97FE7E9062}&appname=Microsoft%20Edge&needsadmin=True"`

If using Windows Autopilot, it is possible to wrap this script as a .intunewin file using the [Microsoft Win32 content prep tool](/mem/intune/apps/apps-win32-prepare). It can then be set as a required app for the Enrollment Status Page (ESP) if desired.

> [!NOTE]
> If you currently leverage policies such as [Target Channel override](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-update-policies#target-channel-override) or [Target Version override](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-update-policies#targetversionprefix) to remain on an older version of Edge, be aware that the above script will not take any policies into account, and will simply update to the latest version. By default, Edge does not downgrade itself, including once such policies are later received.

## For Windows 10 releases RS4 through 20H1

Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) has updates for each version of Windows 10 from RS4 through 20H1 that will remove the Microsoft Edge Legacy desktop app and replace it with Microsoft Edge. For more information, see [this support article](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/update-in-wsus-for-the-new-microsoft-edge-for-windows-10-version-1809-1903-1909-and-2004-october-29-2020-b4980418-4ec4-dee7-3b17-1c6499bd127c) to find out which WSUS update is right for your Windows version.

## For Windows 10 releases prior to RS4 (and Windows 7, 8.1, and earlier)

Windows updates to install Microsoft Edge aren't available for these versions. Consider other options for deploying Microsoft Edge to these devices such as [Configuration Manager](/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/deploy-edge?bc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2fbreadcrumb%2ftoc.json&toc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2ftoc.json) or [Intune](/intune/apps/apps-windows-edge/?bc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2fbreadcrumb%2ftoc.json&toc=https%3a%2f%2fdocs.microsoft.com%2fDeployEdge%2ftoc.json).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Plan your deployment of Microsoft Edge](deploy-edge-plan-deployment.md)
