edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security.md, before:

---
title: "Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates"
ms.author: aguta
author: dan-wesley
manager: srugh
ms.date: 03/04/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates"
---

# Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates

These release notes provide information about security fixes that are included in updates to Microsoft Edge Stable channel.

## March 4, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 89.0.774.45)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2021-21166](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2021-21166) which has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 17, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.74)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 5, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2021-21148](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2021-21148) which has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 4, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.62)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## January 21, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.50)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).
<!--- https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/ -->
## January 7, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.75)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## December 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.57)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 19, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.41)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 13, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.69)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-16013](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16013) and [CVE-2020-16017](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16017), that have been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 11, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-16009](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16009), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## October 22, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.51)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-15999](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-15999), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## October 9, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.38)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## September 23, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## September 9, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.51)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## August 27, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.41)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## August 20, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002). 

## August 11, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.59)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## July 29, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.49)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## July 16, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.40)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

This update contains the following Microsoft Edge-specific update:
- [CVE-2020-1341](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2020-1341)

## June 24, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.56)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## June 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.54)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## June 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.45)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## May 21, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.37)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

This update contains the following Microsoft Edge-specific update:
- [CVE-2020-1195](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2020-1195)

## May 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 81.0.416.72)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 29, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 23, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.64)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.58)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 13, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 81.0.416.53)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 1, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.109)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## March 19, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.69)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## March 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.66)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 25, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.62)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-6418](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-6418), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 20, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.57)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.48)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## January 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 79.0.309.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)

Commit message:

update for stable 89.0.774.54
ITW  CVE-2021-21193

edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-relnotes-security.md, after:

---
title: "Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates"
ms.author: aguta
author: dan-wesley
manager: srugh
ms.date: 03/15/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates"
---

# Release notes for Microsoft Edge Security Updates

These release notes provide information about security fixes that are included in updates to Microsoft Edge Stable channel.

## March 13, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 89.0.774.54 )**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2021-21193](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2021-21193) which has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## March 4, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 89.0.774.45)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2021-21166](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2021-21166) which has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 17, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.74)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 5, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2021-21148](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2021-21148) which has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## February 4, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.62)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide).

## January 21, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 88.0.705.50)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).
<!--- https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/ -->
## January 7, 2021

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.75)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## December 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.57)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 19, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 87.0.664.41)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 13, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.69)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-16013](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16013) and [CVE-2020-16017](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16017), that have been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 11, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## November 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-16009](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-16009), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## October 22, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.51)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-15999](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-15999), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## October 9, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 86.0.622.38)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## September 23, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## September 9, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.51)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## August 27, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 85.0.564.41)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## August 20, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.63)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002). 

## August 11, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.59)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## July 29, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.49)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## July 16, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 84.0.522.40)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

This update contains the following Microsoft Edge-specific update:
- [CVE-2020-1341](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2020-1341)

## June 24, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.56)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## June 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.54)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## June 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.45)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## May 21, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 83.0.478.37)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

This update contains the following Microsoft Edge-specific update:
- [CVE-2020-1195](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2020-1195)

## May 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 81.0.416.72)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 29, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 23, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.64)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version  81.0.416.58)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 13, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 81.0.416.53)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## April 1, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.109)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## March 19, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.69)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## March 4, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.66)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 25, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.62)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. This update contains [CVE-2020-6418](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-6418), that has been reported by the Chromium team as having an exploit in the wild. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 20, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.57)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## February 7, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 80.0.361.48)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project. For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## January 17, 2020

Microsoft has released the latest **Microsoft Edge Stable Channel (Version 79.0.309.68)**, which incorporates the latest Security Updates of the Chromium project.
For more information, see the [Security Update Guide](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV200002).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
