edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-support-lifecycle.md, before:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge Lifecycle"
ms.author: srugh
author: srugh
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 06/29/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge Lifecycle"
---

# Microsoft Edge Lifecycle Policy

This article describes the lifecycle policy that applies to Microsoft Edge.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to the Microsoft Edge versions 77 and higher.

## Overview of the lifecycle policy for Microsoft Edge

The next version of Microsoft Edge features more frequent and more flexible updating capabilities. Because browser releases aren't bound to the Windows major releases, it is necessary to have the governing lifecycle policy updated to reflect this. Going forward Microsoft Edge will be part of the [Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy).

As part of this policy, the supported releases of Microsoft Edge will include the latest available release from the Beta and Stable channels.

## Assisted support availability for Microsoft Edge
Security updates and servicing updates are available on the most recent Stable channel release and latest Beta channel release only. Using older releases of Microsoft Edge likely means you are missing the latest quality and security updates and is not recommended. If use of the older releases is necessary for your organization then Assisted Support is available for the most recent three Stable channel releases and the latest Beta channel release.  The effective assisted support duration for a Stable channel release is approximately 18 weeks. The effective support duration for a Beta channel release is ~6 weeks, prior Beta channel releases are not supported.

Microsoft strongly recommends staying current with the most recent Stable channel or Beta channel release.



## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Microsoft Edge documentation](./index.yml)
- [Microsoft Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy)
- [Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems](./microsoft-edge-supported-operating-systems.md)

Commit message:

Added notes on 4-week release cadence and Extended Stable to lifecycle policy

edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-support-lifecycle.md, after:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge Lifecycle"
ms.author: srugh
author: srugh
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 06/29/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge Lifecycle"
---

# Microsoft Edge Lifecycle Policy

This article describes the lifecycle policy that applies to Microsoft Edge.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to the Microsoft Edge versions 77 and higher.


> [!NOTE]
> Starting with Stable channel version 94, Microsoft Edge is moving to a 4-week major release cycle cadence. However, we recognize that enterprise customers who manage complex environments need more time to plan and test Microsoft Edge updates. To help our enterprise customers who need an extended timeline to manage updates, Microsoft Edge will offer an **Extended Stable option aligned to a longer, 8-week major release cycle;** this option will only be available for customers with managed environments.

## Overview of the lifecycle policy for Microsoft Edge

The next version of Microsoft Edge features more frequent and more flexible updating capabilities. Because browser releases aren't bound to the Windows major releases, it is necessary to have the governing lifecycle policy updated to reflect this. Going forward Microsoft Edge will be part of the [Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy).

As part of this policy, the supported releases of Microsoft Edge will include the latest available release from the Beta and Stable channels.

## Assisted support availability for Microsoft Edge
Security updates and servicing updates are available on the most recent Stable channel release and latest Beta channel release only. Using older releases of Microsoft Edge likely means you are missing the latest quality and security updates and is not recommended. If use of the older releases is necessary for your organization then Assisted Support is available for the most recent three Stable channel releases and the latest Beta channel release.  The effective assisted support duration for a Stable channel release is approximately 18 weeks. The effective support duration for a Beta channel release is ~6 weeks, prior Beta channel releases are not supported.

Microsoft strongly recommends staying current with the most recent Stable channel or Beta channel release.

## Lifecycle Policy changes in Microsoft Edge 94
Starting with Stable channel version 94, Microsoft Edge is moving to a 4-week major release cycle cadence. We will continue to provide Assisted Support for the most recent three Stable channel releases and the latest Beta channel release. The effective assisted support duration for a Stable channel release will be approximately 12 weeks. 

We recognize that enterprise customers who manage complex environments need more time to plan and test Microsoft Edge updates. To help our enterprise customers who need an extended timeline to manage updates, Microsoft Edge will offer an **Extended Stable option aligned to a longer, 8-week major release cycle**. Assisted Support will be available for the most recent two Extended Stable channel releases. The effective assisted support duration for an Extended Stable channel release will be approximately 16 weeks. Refer to the table below.

|     Release option              |     Major version release supported    |     Major version release serviced    |     Support coverage across releases    |     Servicing coverage    |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|---------------------------|
|     Daily “Canary”              |     None                               |     None                              |     None                                |     None                  |
|     Weekly “Dev”                |     None                               |     None                              |     None                                |     None                  |
|     4-week “Beta”               |     Current                            |     Current                           |     4 weeks                             |     4 weeks               |
|     4-week “Stable”             |     Current and 2 previous             |     Current                           |     12 weeks                            |     4 weeks               |
|     8-week “Extended Stable”    |     Current and 1 previous             |     Current                           |     16 weeks                            |     8 weeks               |

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Microsoft Edge documentation](./index.yml)
- [Microsoft Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy)
- [Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems](./microsoft-edge-supported-operating-systems.md)
