edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-customer-adoption-kit.md, before:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge customer adoption materials"
ms.author: collw
author: dan-wesley
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 01/11/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge customer adoption materials"
---

# Customer adoption materials for Microsoft Edge

To support the deployment and adoption of Microsoft Edge, see the following collected materials and resources. A zip file of these materials and resources is provided for you to download.

Check back for more materials as they're made available.

## Customer adoption kit

The customer adoption kit contains the following material:

- IT Deployment Guide
- How to Get Started User Guide
- Introductory Email
- Banners
- Digital Signage
- One-Pagers
- Demo and gifs
- Web Resource links

The adoption kit is available in English, French, German, and Japanese. Select your preferred language at the [Microsoft Edge Customer Adoption Kit download center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=102119).

### IT Deployment Guide

Use this guide to begin planning deployment and learn how to get started deploying Microsoft Edge in your environment.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-deployment-guide-4.png" alt-text="Microsoft Mechanics video series":::

### How to Get Started User Guide

Use this guide to educate users about Microsoft Edge. The guide includes overviews of the UI, menus, and features. We've also included tips to help users get started.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-get-started-guide.png" alt-text="Get Started User Guide How to ...":::

### Email templates

Use these email templates to announce that Microsoft Edge is available for users. These templates include tips and tricks to get the most out of the browser.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-email-template.png" alt-text="Email template for tips and tricks":::

### Digital Signage

Use the following digital signage to inform users about Microsoft Edge:

- Enterprise new tab page
- Multiple Profiles and Cross Platform
- Microsoft Search in Bing
- Security

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-new-tab-page.png" alt-text="New tab page":::

### Banners

Use these banners on your internal sites to advertise Microsoft Edge to your employees.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-banner-ads.png" alt-text="Banner ads example.":::

### One-pagers

Send or post these one-pagers to help your employees learn about Microsoft Edge and set up the browser for use at work.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-one-pager.png" alt-text="One-pager for learning about Microsoft Edge.":::

## Other learning resources

If you're interested in learning more about the benefits of Microsoft Edge, [visit our webpage](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/business).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)

Commit message:

update with kit content revisions
add new screenshots

edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-customer-adoption-kit.md, after:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge customer adoption materials"
ms.author: collw
author: dan-wesley
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 02/17/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge customer adoption materials"
---

# Customer adoption materials for Microsoft Edge

To support the deployment and adoption of Microsoft Edge, see the following collected materials and resources. A zip file of these materials and resources is provided for you to download.

Check back for more materials as they're made available.

## Customer adoption kit

The customer adoption kit contains the following material:

- IT Deployment Guide
- How to Get Started User Guide
- Adoption Email Templates
- Banners
- Digital Signage
- One-Pagers
- Demo Video and GIFs
- Web Resource Links

The adoption kit is available in English and several other languages, including French, German, and Japanese. Select your preferred language at the [Microsoft Edge Customer Adoption Kit download center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=102119).

### IT Deployment Guide

Use this guide to begin planning deployment and learn how to get started deploying Microsoft Edge in your environment.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-deployment-guide-4.png" alt-text="Microsoft Mechanics video series":::

### How to Get Started User Guide

Use this guide to educate users about Microsoft Edge. The guide includes overviews of the UI, menus, and features. We've also included tips to help users get started.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-get-started-guide.png" alt-text="Get Started User Guide How to ...":::

### Adoption Email Templates

Use email to achieve a smooth transition as you rollout Microsoft Edge to end users. We’ve packaged a set of emails for you to use as an internal campaign. They provide tips and articulate how Microsoft Edge can save time and simplify their workday. The following screenshots show examples of these templates.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-email-template-1.png" alt-text="Email template to announce Microsoft Edge":::

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-email-template-2.png" alt-text="Email template introducing user to Microsoft Edge":::

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-email-template-3.png" alt-text="Email template calling out Microsoft Edge productivity":::

### Digital Signage

Use the following digital signage to inform users about Microsoft Edge:

- Enterprise new tab page
- Multiple Profiles and Cross Platform
- Microsoft Search in Bing
- Security

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-new-tab-page.png" alt-text="New tab page":::

### Banners

Use these banners on your internal sites to advertise Microsoft Edge to your employees.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-banner-ads.png" alt-text="Banner ads example.":::

### One-pagers

Send or post these one-pagers to help your employees learn about Microsoft Edge and set up the browser for use at work.

:::image type="content" source="media/customer-adoption-not-md/ms-edge-one-pager.png" alt-text="One-pager for learning about Microsoft Edge.":::

## Other learning resources

If you're interested in learning more about the benefits of Microsoft Edge, [visit our webpage](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/business).

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
