edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-supported-operating-systems.md, before:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems"
ms.author: srugh
author: srugh
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 11/08/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems"
---

# Microsoft Edge supported Operating Systems

This article describes the supported operating systems that apply to Microsoft Edge.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to the Microsoft Edge versions 77 and higher for the desktop.

## Supported Operating Systems for Microsoft Edge

> [!NOTE]
> Product functionality and feature availability may vary on older operating systems. To ensure that Microsoft Edge installs correctly, use the latest version of any operating system specified below. This guidance includes the latest cumulative update, as applicable.

Microsoft Edge follows the Modern Lifecycle Policy and is supported on the following operating systems.

### Windows Client

- Windows 7 **
- Windows 8.1
- Windows 10 SAC 1709 and later ***
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2015 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2016 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2019 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise multi-session
- Windows 10 IoT Enterprise SAC ****
- Windows 10 IoT Enterprise 2019 LTSC ****

### Windows Server

- Windows Server 2008 R2 **
- Windows Server 2012
- Windows Server 2012 R2
- Windows Server 2016 (LTSC)
- Windows Server 2019 (LTSC)
- Windows Server 2022 (LTSC)
- Windows Server (SAC)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> ** We will continue to support Microsoft Edge on Windows 7 and on Windows Server 2008 R2 until January 15, 2023. These operating systems are out of support and Microsoft recommends you move to a supported operating system such as Windows 10. While Microsoft Edge helps keep you more secure on the web, your PC may still be vulnerable to security risks. In order for IE mode to be supported on these operating systems the devices will need to have the [Extended Security Updates for Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4527878/faq-about-extended-security-updates-for-windows-7). Without the Windows 7 Extended Security updates Internet Explorer functionality will be vulnerable to security risks. Additionally, IE mode functionality may cease to work without the continued servicing through the extended security updates. Microsoft Edge on Windows 7 can be updated using the built-in auto update engine or using Configuration Manager and WSUS.
>
> *** In the same fashion as above, for Windows 10 SAC releases that are out of support but Microsoft Edge is supported it is recommended to upgrade to a supported Win10 SAC release as soon as possible to remain secure. Microsoft Edge being supported in this state should be considered a temporary bridge to getting to a supported OS state.
>
> **** The Microsoft Edge OPK is available on MOO for IoT OEMs to preinstall and distribute as part of their Windows 10 IoT Enterprise based solution.

### macOS

- Sierra (10.12) and later

### iOS

Microsoft Edge for iPad&reg; and iPhone&reg; requires iOS 11.0 or later. Microsoft Edge for iPad Pro&trade; requires iOS 11.0 or later. Microsoft Edge is supported on the two most recent versions of iOS. When a new version of iOS is released, the Microsoft Edge Operating System requirement becomes the then-current two most recent versions: the new version of iOS and the previous version.

### Android

Microsoft Edge for Android can be installed on tablets and phones that meet the following criteria: devices running Android KitKat 4.4 or later with an ARM-based processor.

### Apple Silicon Macs

Microsoft Edge native support as of Stable version 88 for Apple Silicon Macs.

### Linux

Preview builds are available for Linux. For any issues related to Microsoft Edge on Linux, either as a Developer or as an Enterprise, please file feedback directly through the browser or by utilizing our TechCommunity forums https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-edge-insider/ct-p/MicrosoftEdgeInsider. Enterprise support for Microsoft Edge on Linux is coming at a later time.

### Chromebooks

Microsoft Edge does not support Chromebooks.

## Recent changes

- **12/17/2020** - Microsoft Edge support on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 extended to January 15, 2022.
- **01/28/2021** - Microsoft Edge support for Apple Silicon Macs.
- **11/05/2021** - Microsoft Edge support on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 extended through January 15, 2023 for critical security and stability updates.

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Microsoft Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy)
- [Extended Security Updates for Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4527878/faq-about-extended-security-updates-for-windows-7)

Commit message:

Edge updates with SCCM/WSUS
official statement from Product Group: Michael Cureton - PRINCIPAL GROUP SW ENG MGR • SCCM Customer Insights and Engineering
"We don’t test deploying Edge updates to Win7" >> that means if the Product Group does not test the Edge updates with SCCM or WSUS >> Edge updates are not supported with SCCM for Windows 7 ESU, also Windows Server 2008 and R2

edgeenterprise/microsoft-edge-supported-operating-systems.md, after:

---
title: "Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems"
ms.author: srugh
author: srugh
manager: seanlynd
ms.date: 11/08/2021
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.collection: M365-modern-desktop
description: "Microsoft Edge Supported Operating Systems"
---

# Microsoft Edge supported Operating Systems

This article describes the supported operating systems that apply to Microsoft Edge.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to the Microsoft Edge versions 77 and higher for the desktop.

## Supported Operating Systems for Microsoft Edge

> [!NOTE]
> Product functionality and feature availability may vary on older operating systems. To ensure that Microsoft Edge installs correctly, use the latest version of any operating system specified below. This guidance includes the latest cumulative update, as applicable.

Microsoft Edge follows the Modern Lifecycle Policy and is supported on the following operating systems.

### Windows Client

- Windows 7 **
- Windows 8.1
- Windows 10 SAC 1709 and later ***
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2015 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2016 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise 2019 LTSC
- Windows 10 Enterprise multi-session
- Windows 10 IoT Enterprise SAC ****
- Windows 10 IoT Enterprise 2019 LTSC ****

### Windows Server

- Windows Server 2008 R2 **
- Windows Server 2012
- Windows Server 2012 R2
- Windows Server 2016 (LTSC)
- Windows Server 2019 (LTSC)
- Windows Server 2022 (LTSC)
- Windows Server (SAC)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> ** We will continue to support Microsoft Edge on Windows 7 and on Windows Server 2008 R2 until January 15, 2023. These operating systems are out of support and Microsoft recommends you move to a supported operating system such as Windows 10. While Microsoft Edge helps keep you more secure on the web, your PC may still be vulnerable to security risks. In order for IE mode to be supported on these operating systems the devices will need to have the [Extended Security Updates for Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4527878/faq-about-extended-security-updates-for-windows-7). Without the Windows 7 Extended Security updates Internet Explorer functionality will be vulnerable to security risks. Additionally, IE mode functionality may cease to work without the continued servicing through the extended security updates. Microsoft Edge on Windows 7 can be updated using the built-in auto update engine. Deploying Microsoft Edge updates with Configuration Manager and/or WSUS it is not supported.
>
> *** In the same fashion as above, for Windows 10 SAC releases that are out of support but Microsoft Edge is supported it is recommended to upgrade to a supported Win10 SAC release as soon as possible to remain secure. Microsoft Edge being supported in this state should be considered a temporary bridge to getting to a supported OS state.
>
> **** The Microsoft Edge OPK is available on MOO for IoT OEMs to preinstall and distribute as part of their Windows 10 IoT Enterprise based solution.

### macOS

- Sierra (10.12) and later

### iOS

Microsoft Edge for iPad&reg; and iPhone&reg; requires iOS 11.0 or later. Microsoft Edge for iPad Pro&trade; requires iOS 11.0 or later. Microsoft Edge is supported on the two most recent versions of iOS. When a new version of iOS is released, the Microsoft Edge Operating System requirement becomes the then-current two most recent versions: the new version of iOS and the previous version.

### Android

Microsoft Edge for Android can be installed on tablets and phones that meet the following criteria: devices running Android KitKat 4.4 or later with an ARM-based processor.

### Apple Silicon Macs

Microsoft Edge native support as of Stable version 88 for Apple Silicon Macs.

### Linux

Preview builds are available for Linux. For any issues related to Microsoft Edge on Linux, either as a Developer or as an Enterprise, please file feedback directly through the browser or by utilizing our TechCommunity forums https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-edge-insider/ct-p/MicrosoftEdgeInsider. Enterprise support for Microsoft Edge on Linux is coming at a later time.

### Chromebooks

Microsoft Edge does not support Chromebooks.

## Recent changes

- **12/17/2020** - Microsoft Edge support on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 extended to January 15, 2022.
- **01/28/2021** - Microsoft Edge support for Apple Silicon Macs.
- **11/05/2021** - Microsoft Edge support on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 extended through January 15, 2023 for critical security and stability updates.

## See also

- [Microsoft Edge Enterprise landing page](https://aka.ms/EdgeEnterprise)
- [Microsoft Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/30881/modern-lifecycle-policy)
- [Extended Security Updates for Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4527878/faq-about-extended-security-updates-for-windows-7)
